---
description: Get an end to end overview of the journey from beginning development to packaging of Microsoft Edge extensions.
title: Extensions - Getting started
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.date: 01/15/2020
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
keywords: edge, web development, html, css, javascript, developer, extensions
ms.openlocfilehash: 5d2bf0ea2236e36b9e6205e13291ffee4118d9d7
ms.sourcegitcommit: 6860234c25a8be863b7f29a54838e78e120dbb62
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: de-DE
ms.lasthandoff: 04/09/2020
ms.locfileid: "10567450"
---
# <span data-ttu-id="88be6-104">Getting started with extensions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-104">Getting started with extensions</span></span>  

[!INCLUDE [deprecation-note](includes/deprecation-note.md)]  

<span data-ttu-id="88be6-105">Whether you're a new developer wanting to familiarize yourself with extensions or a seasoned veteran with a Chrome extension you'd like to port, this guide contains all the information you need to develop, test, package, and publish an extension for Microsoft Edge.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-105">Whether you're a new developer wanting to familiarize yourself with extensions or a seasoned veteran with a Chrome extension you'd like to port, this guide contains all the information you need to develop, test, package, and publish an extension for Microsoft Edge.</span></span> 

## <span data-ttu-id="88be6-106">Developing an extension</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-106">Developing an extension</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="88be6-107">The first step of this journey is to create a Microsoft Edge extension:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-107">The first step of this journey is to create a Microsoft Edge extension:</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="88be6-108">New to extensions?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-108">New to extensions?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88be6-109">Check out our [guide on how to create extensions](./guides/creating-an-extension.md) for information on how to build your first browser extension!</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-109">Check out our [guide on how to create extensions](./guides/creating-an-extension.md) for information on how to build your first browser extension!</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="88be6-110">Already familiar with extension APIs?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-110">Already familiar with extension APIs?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88be6-111">Check out our [API support documentation](./api-support.md) for the latest info on which APIs are supported/in development.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-111">Check out our [API support documentation](./api-support.md) for the latest info on which APIs are supported/in development.</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="88be6-112">Have a Chrome extension that you want to port to Microsoft Edge?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-112">Have a Chrome extension that you want to port to Microsoft Edge?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88be6-113">Try the [Microsoft Edge Extension Toolkit](./guides/porting-chrome-extensions.md)!</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-113">Try the [Microsoft Edge Extension Toolkit](./guides/porting-chrome-extensions.md)!</span></span>

## <span data-ttu-id="88be6-114">Loading and debugging</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-114">Loading and debugging</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="88be6-115">Once you have an extension that works in Microsoft Edge, you'll want to side load it to see it in action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-115">Once you have an extension that works in Microsoft Edge, you'll want to side load it to see it in action.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88be6-116">The first step to do this is to ensure that you have [extension developer features enabled](./guides/adding-and-removing-extensions.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-116">The first step to do this is to ensure that you have [extension developer features enabled](./guides/adding-and-removing-extensions.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88be6-117">This will allow you to side load extension files in Microsoft Edge so that you can test your extension while developing it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-117">This will allow you to side load extension files in Microsoft Edge so that you can test your extension while developing it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88be6-118">Should you run into any issues, the F12 developer tools allow you to [debug the various contexts of your extension](./guides/debugging-extensions.md) to determine exactly what's going on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-118">Should you run into any issues, the F12 developer tools allow you to [debug the various contexts of your extension](./guides/debugging-extensions.md) to determine exactly what's going on.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88be6-119">Still running into issues?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-119">Still running into issues?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88be6-120">Our [troubleshooting guide](./troubleshooting.md) has solutions to several common gotchas.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-120">Our [troubleshooting guide](./troubleshooting.md) has solutions to several common gotchas.</span></span> 

## <span data-ttu-id="88be6-121">Reporting bugs and getting help</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-121">Reporting bugs and getting help</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="88be6-122">Think you've found a bug in our extensions platform?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-122">Think you've found a bug in our extensions platform?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88be6-123">If the issue is specific to Microsoft Edge, please search for it on our [Microsoft Edge Issue Tracker](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/platform/issues/) to see if it's already been reported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-123">If the issue is specific to Microsoft Edge, please search for it on our [Microsoft Edge Issue Tracker](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/platform/issues/) to see if it's already been reported.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88be6-124">If it has, great!</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-124">If it has, great!</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88be6-125">You can press the "+ Me too" button to upvote the bug and the "Watch this issue for updates" button to be alerted to any changes on the issue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-125">You can press the "+ Me too" button to upvote the bug and the "Watch this issue for updates" button to be alerted to any changes on the issue.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88be6-126">If you can't find the issue you're running into, feel free to open a new issue and provide as much information as possible so our developers can look into it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-126">If you can't find the issue you're running into, feel free to open a new issue and provide as much information as possible so our developers can look into it.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="88be6-127">Are we missing an API that your extension needs to work properly?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-127">Are we missing an API that your extension needs to work properly?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88be6-128">If so, [we're always listening on UserVoice](https://wpdev.uservoice.com/forums/257854-microsoft-edge-developer/category/87962-extensions).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-128">If so, [we're always listening on UserVoice](https://wpdev.uservoice.com/forums/257854-microsoft-edge-developer/category/87962-extensions).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88be6-129">Feel free to upvote your API if it already exists, or to create a new feedback item so that other developers can upvote it too!</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-129">Feel free to upvote your API if it already exists, or to create a new feedback item so that other developers can upvote it too!</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="88be6-130">Do you have a question that you can't find an answer to in the documentation?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-130">Do you have a question that you can't find an answer to in the documentation?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88be6-131">We strongly recommend you join the [Microsoft Edge Extensions community](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/microsoft-edge-extension) on Stack Overflow and ask it there!</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-131">We strongly recommend you join the [Microsoft Edge Extensions community](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/microsoft-edge-extension) on Stack Overflow and ask it there!</span></span>

## <span data-ttu-id="88be6-132">Testing your extension</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-132">Testing your extension</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="88be6-133">As of the Windows Anniversary Update, [Microsoft WebDriver](../dev-guide/tools/webdriver.md) supports the automated side loading of extensions in Microsoft Edge sessions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-133">As of the Windows Anniversary Update, [Microsoft WebDriver](../dev-guide/tools/webdriver.md) supports the automated side loading of extensions in Microsoft Edge sessions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88be6-134">This will allow you to write simple tests to ensure that any extension that is meant to modify a page does so in the expected manner.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-134">This will allow you to write simple tests to ensure that any extension that is meant to modify a page does so in the expected manner.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88be6-135">You can find more info on how to do this in our [testing guide](./guides/packaging/creating-and-testing-extension-packages.md#automated-testing-with-webdriver).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-135">You can find more info on how to do this in our [testing guide](./guides/packaging/creating-and-testing-extension-packages.md#automated-testing-with-webdriver).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88be6-136">Also, stay tuned for updates as we plan to add more extension-specific features to Microsoft WebDriver in the future.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-136">Also, stay tuned for updates as we plan to add more extension-specific features to Microsoft WebDriver in the future.</span></span>

## <span data-ttu-id="88be6-137">Adding the final touches</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-137">Adding the final touches</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="88be6-138">So your extension works in Microsoft Edge.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-138">So your extension works in Microsoft Edge.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88be6-139">What happens next?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-139">What happens next?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88be6-140">Before you continue packaging your extension, we strongly recommend you to check out these guides to ensure that your extension is following our best-practice policies:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-140">Before you continue packaging your extension, we strongly recommend you to check out these guides to ensure that your extension is following our best-practice policies:</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="88be6-141">Make sure your extension icons are [correctly sized](./guides/design.md) and [accessible](./guides/accessibility.md) (meaning they're visible in both light and dark themes of Microsoft Edge as well as in high contrast mode).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-141">Make sure your extension icons are [correctly sized](./guides/design.md) and [accessible](./guides/accessibility.md) (meaning they're visible in both light and dark themes of Microsoft Edge as well as in high contrast mode).</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="88be6-142">If your extension needs to support multiple languages, please make sure you've taken a look over our [internationalization guide](./guides/internationalization.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-142">If your extension needs to support multiple languages, please make sure you've taken a look over our [internationalization guide](./guides/internationalization.md).</span></span> 

## <span data-ttu-id="88be6-143">Packaging an extension</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-143">Packaging an extension</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="88be6-144">Now your extension is finally polished up and ready to be packaged.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-144">Now your extension is finally polished up and ready to be packaged.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88be6-145">Whether you wish to package it to prepare for submission to the Microsoft Store, or to make it easier to distribute within your development/testing teams, there are plenty of resources available to help you:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-145">Whether you wish to package it to prepare for submission to the Microsoft Store, or to make it easier to distribute within your development/testing teams, there are plenty of resources available to help you:</span></span> 

- <span data-ttu-id="88be6-146">Our recommended solution for creating an extension package is to follow our [ManifoldJS packaging guide](./guides/packaging/using-manifoldjs-to-package-extensions.md) which will walk you through the steps of using a Node.js based tool to easily package your extension no matter what platform you develop on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-146">Our recommended solution for creating an extension package is to follow our [ManifoldJS packaging guide](./guides/packaging/using-manifoldjs-to-package-extensions.md) which will walk you through the steps of using a Node.js based tool to easily package your extension no matter what platform you develop on.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88be6-147">If you want a more manual and in-depth look into our extension packaging format, please refer to our [AppX package creation guide](./guides/packaging/creating-and-testing-extension-packages.md#preparing-the-submission-folder).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-147">If you want a more manual and in-depth look into our extension packaging format, please refer to our [AppX package creation guide](./guides/packaging/creating-and-testing-extension-packages.md#preparing-the-submission-folder).</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="88be6-148">If your extension supports multiple languages, you'll also need to follow our guide on [localizing extension packages](./guides/packaging/localizing-extension-packages.md) so that the languages you have in your extension are correctly registered after packaging.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-148">If your extension supports multiple languages, you'll also need to follow our guide on [localizing extension packages](./guides/packaging/localizing-extension-packages.md) so that the languages you have in your extension are correctly registered after packaging.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="88be6-149">If you're an enterprise customer looking to distribute your packaged extensions via internal channels, please see our [extensions for enterprise guide](./extensions-for-enterprise.md) to see how to do this.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-149">If you're an enterprise customer looking to distribute your packaged extensions via internal channels, please see our [extensions for enterprise guide](./extensions-for-enterprise.md) to see how to do this.</span></span>  

## <span data-ttu-id="88be6-150">Publishing to the Microsoft Store</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-150">Publishing to the Microsoft Store</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="88be6-151">Since our extensions platform is still in its infancy, we're purposely managing extension submissions to the Microsoft Store so that we can focus on delivering a quality experience for our users and developers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-151">Since our extensions platform is still in its infancy, we're purposely managing extension submissions to the Microsoft Store so that we can focus on delivering a quality experience for our users and developers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88be6-152">That being said, we want to make it as easy as possible for developers to publish their extensions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-152">That being said, we want to make it as easy as possible for developers to publish their extensions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88be6-153">As a result, we have recently launched a new [extension submission form](https://aka.ms/extension-request) where developers can request permission to submit their extension AppX to the Microsoft Store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-153">As a result, we have recently launched a new [extension submission form](https://aka.ms/extension-request) where developers can request permission to submit their extension AppX to the Microsoft Store.</span></span>
 

<span data-ttu-id="88be6-154">The first step of the publishing process is to make sure your extension conforms to our [browser extension policy](./microsoft-browser-extension-policy.md) as well as the [Microsoft Edge extensions section of the Microsoft Store Policies](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/windows/apps/dn764944.aspx#pol_10_12).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-154">The first step of the publishing process is to make sure your extension conforms to our [browser extension policy](./microsoft-browser-extension-policy.md) as well as the [Microsoft Edge extensions section of the Microsoft Store Policies](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/windows/apps/dn764944.aspx#pol_10_12).</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="88be6-155">Once you've confirmed that your extension follows the policies, you will need to register for a [developer account in Partner Center and reserve the name of your extension](./guides/packaging/extensions-in-the-windows-dev-center.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-155">Once you've confirmed that your extension follows the policies, you will need to register for a [developer account in Partner Center and reserve the name of your extension](./guides/packaging/extensions-in-the-windows-dev-center.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88be6-156">Then, you'll need to submit a request via our [extension submission form](https://aka.ms/extension-request) in order to request permission to publish to the Microsoft Store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-156">Then, you'll need to submit a request via our [extension submission form](https://aka.ms/extension-request) in order to request permission to publish to the Microsoft Store.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88be6-157">If you try to submit your extension AppX without first obtaining permission, you'll receive the following error:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-157">If you try to submit your extension AppX without first obtaining permission, you'll receive the following error:</span></span>

`Package acceptance validation error: com.microsoft.edge.extension is a reserved extension type. Your app does not have permission to use this extension type.`

<span data-ttu-id="88be6-158">Once you've submitted a request, we'll receive a notification and will try to get to your submission as soon as possible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-158">Once you've submitted a request, we'll receive a notification and will try to get to your submission as soon as possible.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88be6-159">This may take a bit due to the high volume of submissions we've received, but we'll notify you via email the moment you're approved!</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-159">This may take a bit due to the high volume of submissions we've received, but we'll notify you via email the moment you're approved!</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88be6-160">Once you've received the mail, you'll be able to submit your extension AppX to the Microsoft Store via Partner Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-160">Once you've received the mail, you'll be able to submit your extension AppX to the Microsoft Store via Partner Center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88be6-161">Please note that you do not have to sign your AppX before submitting it; the Microsoft Store ingestion process will take care of that for you!</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-161">Please note that you do not have to sign your AppX before submitting it; the Microsoft Store ingestion process will take care of that for you!</span></span>
 
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="88be6-162">The process for publishing an extension to the Microsoft Store (whether it's a brand new extension or an update to an existing one) can take up to 72 hours to complete.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-162">The process for publishing an extension to the Microsoft Store (whether it's a brand new extension or an update to an existing one) can take up to 72 hours to complete.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88be6-163">In order to expedite this process, please ensure you have verified these common gotchas before submitting to avoid having to resubmit later:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-163">In order to expedite this process, please ensure you have verified these common gotchas before submitting to avoid having to resubmit later:</span></span> 
> - <span data-ttu-id="88be6-164">Your screenshots are correctly sized and are of your extension running in Microsoft Edge</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-164">Your screenshots are correctly sized and are of your extension running in Microsoft Edge</span></span> 
> - <span data-ttu-id="88be6-165">Your extension description references "Microsoft Edge" instead of "Edge" (this is a legal requirement)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-165">Your extension description references "Microsoft Edge" instead of "Edge" (this is a legal requirement)</span></span> 
> - <span data-ttu-id="88be6-166">Your 150x150 icon in your extension package [does not have a transparent background](./guides/design.md#microsoft-store-icon) (The Microsoft Store client does not correctly render images with transparent backgrounds)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-166">Your 150x150 icon in your extension package [does not have a transparent background](./guides/design.md#microsoft-store-icon) (The Microsoft Store client does not correctly render images with transparent backgrounds)</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="88be6-167">In addition to the above, and if applicable, please ensure that any platform availability information on your website correctly mentions your extension's availability on Microsoft Edge.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-167">In addition to the above, and if applicable, please ensure that any platform availability information on your website correctly mentions your extension's availability on Microsoft Edge.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88be6-168">While the Microsoft Store does not allow for one-click inline extension installs, you can [deep-link to your extension in the Microsoft Store](./tips-and-tricks.md#get-a-direct-link-to-your-extension-in-the-microsoft-store) to make it easy for users to acquire it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-168">While the Microsoft Store does not allow for one-click inline extension installs, you can [deep-link to your extension in the Microsoft Store](./tips-and-tricks.md#get-a-direct-link-to-your-extension-in-the-microsoft-store) to make it easy for users to acquire it.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="88be6-169">The Microsoft Store also allows you to [control the visibility of your extension](https://blogs.windows.com/buildingapps/2015/09/10/managing-hidden-apps-beta-apps-and-visibility-of-in-app-purchases-in-dev-center/) in the Microsoft Store catalog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-169">The Microsoft Store also allows you to [control the visibility of your extension](https://blogs.windows.com/buildingapps/2015/09/10/managing-hidden-apps-beta-apps-and-visibility-of-in-app-purchases-in-dev-center/) in the Microsoft Store catalog.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88be6-170">Some of our partners have taken advantage of this functionality to achieve the following:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-170">Some of our partners have taken advantage of this functionality to achieve the following:</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="88be6-171">Publishing a second beta version of their extension as hidden in the Microsoft Store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-171">Publishing a second beta version of their extension as hidden in the Microsoft Store.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="88be6-172">Initially publishing their extension as hidden to monitor initial telemetry before eventually changing its status to visible once a certain level of confidence is reached.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-172">Initially publishing their extension as hidden to monitor initial telemetry before eventually changing its status to visible once a certain level of confidence is reached.</span></span>

## <span data-ttu-id="88be6-173">That's it!</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-173">That's it!</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="88be6-174">If you've reached the bottom of this guide, you've completed the process of developing an extension for Microsoft Edge!</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-174">If you've reached the bottom of this guide, you've completed the process of developing an extension for Microsoft Edge!</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88be6-175">Be sure to check out our [tips and tricks](./tips-and-tricks.md) page for ideas on how to market your extension and interact with your users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88be6-175">Be sure to check out our [tips and tricks](./tips-and-tricks.md) page for ideas on how to market your extension and interact with your users.</span></span>
