---
description: Edge developer ADA Addendum
title: ADA Addendum
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.date: 09/15/2020
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
keywords: edge-chromium, extensions development, browser extensions, addons, partner center, developer
ms.openlocfilehash: 40147cd32f2dcd2c0069d34b5751305819834a22
ms.sourcegitcommit: d360e419b5f96f4f691cf7330b0d8dff9126f82e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: de-DE
ms.lasthandoff: 09/15/2020
ms.locfileid: "11015667"
---
# <span data-ttu-id="27895-104">App Developer Agreement Addendum for Microsoft Edge program users</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27895-104">App Developer Agreement Addendum for Microsoft Edge program users</span></span>  

## <span data-ttu-id="27895-105">Exhibit G: Terms and Conditions for Microsoft Edge Extensions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27895-105">Exhibit G: Terms and Conditions for Microsoft Edge Extensions</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="27895-106">These Terms and Conditions for Microsoft Edge Extensions \(the "Extensions Addendum"\) is a supplement to the terms and conditions of the App Developer Agreement, the current version of which can be found at [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=221922][ExtensionsMicrosoftEdgeAddonsCatalogDeveloperPolicies].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27895-106">These Terms and Conditions for Microsoft Edge Extensions \(the "Extensions Addendum"\) is a supplement to the terms and conditions of the App Developer Agreement, the current version of which can be found at [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=221922][ExtensionsMicrosoftEdgeAddonsCatalogDeveloperPolicies].</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="27895-107">This Addendum applies if you have submitted or are making available Microsoft Edge Extensions \(each, an "Extension"\) through Microsoft Edge Addons.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27895-107">This Addendum applies if you have submitted or are making available Microsoft Edge Extensions \(each, an "Extension"\) through Microsoft Edge Addons.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="27895-108">Except as expressly modified by this Extensions Addendum, all of the terms and conditions in the App Developer Agreement, which is incorporated by reference herein, apply to the offering and distribution of your Microsoft Edge Extensions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27895-108">Except as expressly modified by this Extensions Addendum, all of the terms and conditions in the App Developer Agreement, which is incorporated by reference herein, apply to the offering and distribution of your Microsoft Edge Extensions.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="27895-109">Except where expressly modified by this Addendum, the terms and conditions that apply to an "Application" or "App" under the App Developer Agreement will apply to an Extension as defined in this Addendum and all references to "Store" or "Microsoft Store" under the App Developer Agreement will apply to Microsoft Edge Addons as defined in this Addendum.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27895-109">Except where expressly modified by this Addendum, the terms and conditions that apply to an "Application" or "App" under the App Developer Agreement will apply to an Extension as defined in this Addendum and all references to "Store" or "Microsoft Store" under the App Developer Agreement will apply to Microsoft Edge Addons as defined in this Addendum.</span></span>  

1.  <span data-ttu-id="27895-110">DEFINITIONS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27895-110">DEFINITIONS.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="27895-111">Capitalized terms not defined herein will have the meanings provided in the App Developer Agreement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27895-111">Capitalized terms not defined herein will have the meanings provided in the App Developer Agreement.</span></span>  

    1.  <span data-ttu-id="27895-112">"Certification Requirements" means the technical, functional, content, and other policy requirements provided by Microsoft \(at [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2104222][ExtensionsMicrosoftEdgeAddonsCatalogDeveloperPolicies], or another location\(s\) specified by Microsoft\) for Extensions offered through Microsoft Edge Addons.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27895-112">"Certification Requirements" means the technical, functional, content, and other policy requirements provided by Microsoft \(at [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2104222][ExtensionsMicrosoftEdgeAddonsCatalogDeveloperPolicies], or another location\(s\) specified by Microsoft\) for Extensions offered through Microsoft Edge Addons.</span></span>  

    1.  <span data-ttu-id="27895-113">"Microsoft Edge Addons" means a Microsoft owned or operated platform, however named, through which Microsoft Edge Extensions may be offered to or acquired by Customers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27895-113">"Microsoft Edge Addons" means a Microsoft owned or operated platform, however named, through which Microsoft Edge Extensions may be offered to or acquired by Customers.</span></span>

1.  <span data-ttu-id="27895-114">SUBMISSION, CERTIFICATION, AND DISTRIBUTION OF APPS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27895-114">SUBMISSION, CERTIFICATION, AND DISTRIBUTION OF APPS.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="27895-115">Section 3 of the App Developer Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced by the following:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27895-115">Section 3 of the App Developer Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced by the following:</span></span>  

    1.  <span data-ttu-id="27895-116">Submission.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27895-116">Submission.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="27895-117">You must submit to Microsoft each Extension that you wish to make available through Microsoft Edge Addons, including any updates to each Extension.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27895-117">You must submit to Microsoft each Extension that you wish to make available through Microsoft Edge Addons, including any updates to each Extension.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="27895-118">You are solely responsible and liable for the Extensions you submit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27895-118">You are solely responsible and liable for the Extensions you submit.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="27895-119">You are responsible for supporting your.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27895-119">You are responsible for supporting your.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="27895-120">Microsoft will retain \(or destroy\) all copies of the Extension and other materials you submit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27895-120">Microsoft will retain \(or destroy\) all copies of the Extension and other materials you submit.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="27895-121">Microsoft will not return them, so you must maintain your own backup copies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27895-121">Microsoft will not return them, so you must maintain your own backup copies.</span></span>  

    1.  <span data-ttu-id="27895-122">Updates to Extensions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27895-122">Updates to Extensions.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="27895-123">You may submit updates to Extensions for Certification and distribution through Microsoft Edge Addons.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27895-123">You may submit updates to Extensions for Certification and distribution through Microsoft Edge Addons.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="27895-124">Those updates are subject to all of the requirements of this Agreement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27895-124">Those updates are subject to all of the requirements of this Agreement.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="27895-125">You understand that end users may receive updates automatically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27895-125">You understand that end users may receive updates automatically.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="27895-126">You may not add any new functionality to your Extension via an update which requires written consent from the Customer without first providing notice to the Customer and obtaining any consents as may be required by law in the markets where you choose to distribute your Extension.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27895-126">You may not add any new functionality to your Extension via an update which requires written consent from the Customer without first providing notice to the Customer and obtaining any consents as may be required by law in the markets where you choose to distribute your Extension.</span></span>  

    1.  <span data-ttu-id="27895-127">Initial Certification.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27895-127">Initial Certification.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="27895-128">Microsoft will test each Extension \(including any updates\) you submit for compliance with this Agreement \(which includes the applicable Certification Requirements\) and other policies made available to you \(if any\).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27895-128">Microsoft will test each Extension \(including any updates\) you submit for compliance with this Agreement \(which includes the applicable Certification Requirements\) and other policies made available to you \(if any\).</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="27895-129">Microsoft will not make any Extension available through Microsoft Edge Addons unless and until the Extension is Certified.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27895-129">Microsoft will not make any Extension available through Microsoft Edge Addons unless and until the Extension is Certified.</span></span>  

1.  <span data-ttu-id="27895-130">AFFIRMATIVE DECLINE NOT REQUIRED.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27895-130">AFFIRMATIVE DECLINE NOT REQUIRED.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="27895-131">Notwithstanding Section 4\(i\) of the App Developer Agreement, you are not required to affirmatively decline participation in Microsoft Store for Business and Microsoft Store for Education.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27895-131">Notwithstanding Section 4\(i\) of the App Developer Agreement, you are not required to affirmatively decline participation in Microsoft Store for Business and Microsoft Store for Education.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="27895-132">Your Extension will only be available through the Microsoft Edge Addons.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27895-132">Your Extension will only be available through the Microsoft Edge Addons.</span></span>  

1.  <span data-ttu-id="27895-133">APP PRICING, PAYMENTS, TRANSACTIONS AND TAXES.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27895-133">APP PRICING, PAYMENTS, TRANSACTIONS AND TAXES.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="27895-134">Section 6 of the App Developer Agreement does not apply to Extensions and is hereby deleted in its entirety.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27895-134">Section 6 of the App Developer Agreement does not apply to Extensions and is hereby deleted in its entirety.</span></span>  

<!-- image links  -->  

<!-- links -->  

[ExtensionsMicrosoftEdgeAddonsCatalogDeveloperPolicies]: developer-policies.md "Microsoft Edge Addons Catalog Developer Policies"  
