---
description: Microsoft Edge Addons Catalog Developer Policies.
title: Microsoft Edge Addons Catalog Developer Policies
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.date: 09/15/2020
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
keywords: edge-chromium, extensions development, browser extensions, addons, partner center, developer
ms.openlocfilehash: f71767cc4cd887ce9351202dd06732760299816d
ms.sourcegitcommit: d360e419b5f96f4f691cf7330b0d8dff9126f82e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: de-DE
ms.lasthandoff: 09/15/2020
ms.locfileid: "11015709"
---
# <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-104">Microsoft Edge Addons Catalog Developer Policies</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-104">Microsoft Edge Addons Catalog Developer Policies</span></span>  

## <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-105">Introduction and Objective of this document</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-105">Introduction and Objective of this document</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-106">Thank you for your interest in developing Extensions for the Microsoft Edge Addons catalog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-106">Thank you for your interest in developing Extensions for the Microsoft Edge Addons catalog.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-107">The Microsoft Edge Addons Catalog Developer Policies \(Addons Catalog Developer Policies\) apply to your Extensions, including your submission of Extensions through [Partner Center][MicrosoftPartnerCenter] and the provision of such Extensions through the Microsoft Edge Addons.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-107">The Microsoft Edge Addons Catalog Developer Policies \(Addons Catalog Developer Policies\) apply to your Extensions, including your submission of Extensions through [Partner Center][MicrosoftPartnerCenter] and the provision of such Extensions through the Microsoft Edge Addons.</span></span>  

## <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-108">Principles</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-108">Principles</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-109">A few principles to get you started:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-109">A few principles to get you started:</span></span>  

*   <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-110">You should offer unique and distinct value within your Extensions for Microsoft Edge.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-110">You should offer unique and distinct value within your Extensions for Microsoft Edge.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-111">Provide a compelling reason to download your Extensions from the Microsoft Edge Addons catalog \(Microsoft Edge Addons\).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-111">Provide a compelling reason to download your Extensions from the Microsoft Edge Addons catalog \(Microsoft Edge Addons\).</span></span>  
*   <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-112">You must not mislead our joint users about what your Extension does, who is offering it, and so on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-112">You must not mislead our joint users about what your Extension does, who is offering it, and so on.</span></span>  
*   <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-113">You must not attempt to cheat users, the system or the ecosystem.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-113">You must not attempt to cheat users, the system or the ecosystem.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-114">There is no place in our Microsoft Edge Addons for any kind of fraud; be it ratings and review manipulation, credit card fraud or other fraudulent activity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-114">There is no place in our Microsoft Edge Addons for any kind of fraud; be it ratings and review manipulation, credit card fraud or other fraudulent activity.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-115">Adhering to these Addons Catalog Developer Policies should help you make choices that enhance the appeal and audience of your Extension.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-115">Adhering to these Addons Catalog Developer Policies should help you make choices that enhance the appeal and audience of your Extension.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-116">Your Extensions are crucial to the experience of hundreds of millions of users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-116">Your Extensions are crucial to the experience of hundreds of millions of users.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-117">We look forward to experiencing what you create and are thrilled to help deliver your Extensions to the world.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-117">We look forward to experiencing what you create and are thrilled to help deliver your Extensions to the world.</span></span>  

## <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-118">1. Product Policies</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-118">1. Product Policies</span></span>  

### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-119">1.1 Distinct Function & Value; Accurate Representation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-119">1.1 Distinct Function & Value; Accurate Representation</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-120">Your Extension and associated metadata must accurately and clearly reflect the source, functionality, and features that you describe.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-120">Your Extension and associated metadata must accurately and clearly reflect the source, functionality, and features that you describe.</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-121">1.1.1 Extensions must have a single purpose</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-121">1.1.1 Extensions must have a single purpose</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-122">Your Extension must have a single purpose with narrow functionality.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-122">Your Extension must have a single purpose with narrow functionality.</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-123">1.1.2 Describe your Extension</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-123">1.1.2 Describe your Extension</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-124">All aspects of your Extension should accurately describe the functions, features and any important limitations of your Extension, including required or supported input devices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-124">All aspects of your Extension should accurately describe the functions, features and any important limitations of your Extension, including required or supported input devices.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-125">The value proposition of your Extension must be clear during the first run experience.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-125">The value proposition of your Extension must be clear during the first run experience.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-126">Your Extension may not use a name or icon similar to that of other Extensions, and must not claim to represent a company, government body, or other entity if you do not have permission to make that representation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-126">Your Extension may not use a name or icon similar to that of other Extensions, and must not claim to represent a company, government body, or other entity if you do not have permission to make that representation.</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-127">1.1.3 Functionality</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-127">1.1.3 Functionality</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-128">Your Extension must be fully functional.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-128">Your Extension must be fully functional.</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-129">1.1.4 Search and Discovery</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-129">1.1.4 Search and Discovery</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-130">Search terms may not exceed seven unique terms and should be relevant to your Extension.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-130">Search terms may not exceed seven unique terms and should be relevant to your Extension.</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-131">1.1.5 Provide appropriate details</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-131">1.1.5 Provide appropriate details</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-132">You must provide distinct and informative details about your Extension and the functionality in listing \(metadata\) for your Extension.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-132">You must provide distinct and informative details about your Extension and the functionality in listing \(metadata\) for your Extension.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-133">Your Extension must provide a valuable and quality user experience.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-133">Your Extension must provide a valuable and quality user experience.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-134">Your Extension must also have an active presence in Microsoft Edge Addons.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-134">Your Extension must also have an active presence in Microsoft Edge Addons.</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-135">1.1.6 Stability and Performance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-135">1.1.6 Stability and Performance</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-136">Your Extension must not negatively impact the performance or stability of Microsoft Edge.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-136">Your Extension must not negatively impact the performance or stability of Microsoft Edge.</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-137">1.1.7 Obfuscation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-137">1.1.7 Obfuscation</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-138">Extensions with obfuscated code are not allowed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-138">Extensions with obfuscated code are not allowed.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-139">This includes code within the Extension package as well as any external code or resource fetched from the web.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-139">This includes code within the Extension package as well as any external code or resource fetched from the web.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-140">You may be asked to refactor parts of your code if it is not reviewable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-140">You may be asked to refactor parts of your code if it is not reviewable.</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-141">1.1.8 Altering Browser Settings</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-141">1.1.8 Altering Browser Settings</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-142">Your Extension must **not, without appropriate user consent**, alter, or appear to alter, browser functionality or settings including, but not limited to: the address bar search provider and suggestions, the start or home page, the new tab page, and adding or removing favorite.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-142">Your Extension must **not, without appropriate user consent**, alter, or appear to alter, browser functionality or settings including, but not limited to: the address bar search provider and suggestions, the start or home page, the new tab page, and adding or removing favorite.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-143">Any alteration to the browser settings should be explicitly documented in the description of the Extension.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-143">Any alteration to the browser settings should be explicitly documented in the description of the Extension.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-144">Your Extension may only revise key settings to replace a Microsoft webpage or service with that of a third-party \(such as require use of a third-party search engine or set the home page to a third-party web property\) if you are employed by or otherwise associated with such third-party.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-144">Your Extension may only revise key settings to replace a Microsoft webpage or service with that of a third-party \(such as require use of a third-party search engine or set the home page to a third-party web property\) if you are employed by or otherwise associated with such third-party.</span></span>  

### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-145">1.2 Security</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-145">1.2 Security</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-146">Your Extension must not jeopardize or compromise user security, or the security or functionality of the device, system or related systems.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-146">Your Extension must not jeopardize or compromise user security, or the security or functionality of the device, system or related systems.</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-147">1.2.1 Content Security Policies</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-147">1.2.1 Content Security Policies</span></span>  

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-148">If you make any changes to your Extension beyond the described functionality, any changes to code must be compliant with the [Microsoft Edge content security policy][MicrosoftEdgeContentSecurityPolicyRemoteScript].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-148">If you make any changes to your Extension beyond the described functionality, any changes to code must be compliant with the [Microsoft Edge content security policy][MicrosoftEdgeContentSecurityPolicyRemoteScript].</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-149">Example: Your Extension should not download a remote script and subsequently run that script in a manner that is not consistent with the described functionality.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-149">Example: Your Extension should not download a remote script and subsequently run that script in a manner that is not consistent with the described functionality.</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-150">1.2.2 Unwanted and Malicious Software</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-150">1.2.2 Unwanted and Malicious Software</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-151">Your Extension must not contain or enable malware as defined by the Microsoft criteria for [Unwanted and Malicious Software][MicrosoftIdentifiesMalwareUnwantedApplications].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-151">Your Extension must not contain or enable malware as defined by the Microsoft criteria for [Unwanted and Malicious Software][MicrosoftIdentifiesMalwareUnwantedApplications].</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-152">1.2.3 Dependency on other software</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-152">1.2.3 Dependency on other software</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-153">Your Extension may depend on non-integrated software \(such as another product, module, or service\) to deliver the primary functionality, provided you disclose the dependency in the description</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-153">Your Extension may depend on non-integrated software \(such as another product, module, or service\) to deliver the primary functionality, provided you disclose the dependency in the description</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-154">1.2.4 Extensions Update</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-154">1.2.4 Extensions Update</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-155">Unless otherwise permitted by Microsoft, your Extensions must be updated only through Microsoft Edge Addons.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-155">Unless otherwise permitted by Microsoft, your Extensions must be updated only through Microsoft Edge Addons.</span></span>  

### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-156">1.3 Product is Testable</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-156">1.3 Product is Testable</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-157">The Extension must be testable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-157">The Extension must be testable.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-158">If it is not possible to test your Extension for any reason, including, but not limited to, the items below, your Extension may fail this requirement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-158">If it is not possible to test your Extension for any reason, including, but not limited to, the items below, your Extension may fail this requirement.</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-159">1.3.1 User Credentials</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-159">1.3.1 User Credentials</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-160">If your Extension requires login credentials, provide a working demo account using the **Notes for certification** field.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-160">If your Extension requires login credentials, provide a working demo account using the **Notes for certification** field.</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-161">1.3.2 Availability of services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-161">1.3.2 Availability of services</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-162">If your Extension requires access to a server, the server must be functional to verify that it works correctly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-162">If your Extension requires access to a server, the server must be functional to verify that it works correctly.</span></span>  

### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-163">1.4 Usability</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-163">1.4 Usability</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-164">Your Extension must meet Extension Store standards for usability, including, but not limited to, those listed in the subsections below.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-164">Your Extension must meet Extension Store standards for usability, including, but not limited to, those listed in the subsections below.</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-165">1.4.1 Compatibility across platforms</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-165">1.4.1 Compatibility across platforms</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-166">Extensions should be compatible with Microsoft Edge on all the devices and platforms on which they may be downloaded.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-166">Extensions should be compatible with Microsoft Edge on all the devices and platforms on which they may be downloaded.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-167">If an Extension is downloaded on a device with which it is not compatible, it should detect that at launch and display a message to the user detailing the requirements that devices must meet in order to be compatible with your Extension.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-167">If an Extension is downloaded on a device with which it is not compatible, it should detect that at launch and display a message to the user detailing the requirements that devices must meet in order to be compatible with your Extension.</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-168">1.4.2 User Experience</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-168">1.4.2 User Experience</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-169">The Extension must start up promptly and must stay responsive to user input.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-169">The Extension must start up promptly and must stay responsive to user input.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-170">Extensions must continue to run and remain responsive to user input.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-170">Extensions must continue to run and remain responsive to user input.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-171">Extensions must shut down gracefully and not close unexpectedly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-171">Extensions must shut down gracefully and not close unexpectedly.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-172">The Extension should handle exceptions and remain responsive to user input after the exception is handled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-172">The Extension should handle exceptions and remain responsive to user input after the exception is handled.</span></span>  

### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-173">1.5 Personal Information</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-173">1.5 Personal Information</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-174">The following requirements apply to Extensions that access Personal Information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-174">The following requirements apply to Extensions that access Personal Information.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-175">Personal Information includes all information or data that identifies or could be used to identify a person, or that is associated with such information or data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-175">Personal Information includes all information or data that identifies or could be used to identify a person, or that is associated with such information or data.</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-176">1.5.1 Collect Personal Information only when necessary</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-176">1.5.1 Collect Personal Information only when necessary</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-177">Your Extension may collect, access, use, or transmit Personal Information \(including web browsing activity\); only if required by and only for use in a prominently disclosed, user-facing feature.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-177">Your Extension may collect, access, use, or transmit Personal Information \(including web browsing activity\); only if required by and only for use in a prominently disclosed, user-facing feature.</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-178">1.5.2 Maintain a privacy policy</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-178">1.5.2 Maintain a privacy policy</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-179">Regardless of whether your Extension accesses, collects, or transmits Personal Information; you must provide prominent notice of and comply with your privacy policy if required by law.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-179">Regardless of whether your Extension accesses, collects, or transmits Personal Information; you must provide prominent notice of and comply with your privacy policy if required by law.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-180">Your privacy policy must inform users of the Personal Information accessed, collected, or transmitted by your Extension, how that information is used, stored, and secured, and indicate the types of parties to whom it is disclosed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-180">Your privacy policy must inform users of the Personal Information accessed, collected, or transmitted by your Extension, how that information is used, stored, and secured, and indicate the types of parties to whom it is disclosed.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-181">Your privacy policy must describe the controls that users have over the use and sharing of their information, how they access their information, and it must comply with applicable laws and regulations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-181">Your privacy policy must describe the controls that users have over the use and sharing of their information, how they access their information, and it must comply with applicable laws and regulations.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-182">Your privacy policy must be kept up-to-date as you add new features and functionality to your Extension.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-182">Your privacy policy must be kept up-to-date as you add new features and functionality to your Extension.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-183">If you provide Microsoft with your privacy policy, you agree to permit Microsoft to share such privacy policy with users of your Extension.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-183">If you provide Microsoft with your privacy policy, you agree to permit Microsoft to share such privacy policy with users of your Extension.</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-184">1.5.3 Sharing data with third parties</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-184">1.5.3 Sharing data with third parties</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-185">You may publish the Personal Information of users of your Extension to an outside service or third-party through your Extension or associated metadata only after obtaining opt-in consent from those users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-185">You may publish the Personal Information of users of your Extension to an outside service or third-party through your Extension or associated metadata only after obtaining opt-in consent from those users.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-186">Opt-in consent means the users give their express permission in the user interface of your Extension for the requested activity, after you:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-186">Opt-in consent means the users give their express permission in the user interface of your Extension for the requested activity, after you:</span></span>  

*   <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-187">Describe to your users how the information is accessed, used or shared and indicate the types of parties to whom it is disclosed, and</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-187">Describe to your users how the information is accessed, used or shared and indicate the types of parties to whom it is disclosed, and</span></span>  
*   <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-188">Provide your users a mechanism in the Extension user interface through which they have the option to later rescind the permission and opt-out.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-188">Provide your users a mechanism in the Extension user interface through which they have the option to later rescind the permission and opt-out.</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-189">1.5.4 Sharing information of non-Users</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-189">1.5.4 Sharing information of non-Users</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-190">If you publish a person's Personal Information to an outside service or third-party through your Extension or the metadata, but the person whose information is being shared is not a user of your Extension;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-190">If you publish a person's Personal Information to an outside service or third-party through your Extension or the metadata, but the person whose information is being shared is not a user of your Extension;</span></span>  

1.  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-191">You must obtain express written consent to publish that Personal Information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-191">You must obtain express written consent to publish that Personal Information.</span></span>  
1.  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-192">You must permit the person whose information is shared to withdraw that consent at any time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-192">You must permit the person whose information is shared to withdraw that consent at any time.</span></span>  
1.  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-193">Your privacy policy must clearly disclose that you may collect personal information in this manner.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-193">Your privacy policy must clearly disclose that you may collect personal information in this manner.</span></span>  
1.  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-194">If required by applicable law you must delete the Personal Information of any individual upon request, including individuals whose information you collect in this manner.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-194">If required by applicable law you must delete the Personal Information of any individual upon request, including individuals whose information you collect in this manner.</span></span>  
1.  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-195">If your Extension provides users with access to another person's Personal Information, this requirement also applies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-195">If your Extension provides users with access to another person's Personal Information, this requirement also applies.</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-196">1.5.5 Transmit information securely</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-196">1.5.5 Transmit information securely</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-197">If your Extension collects, stores, or transmits Personal Information; it must do so securely by using modern cryptography methods.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-197">If your Extension collects, stores, or transmits Personal Information; it must do so securely by using modern cryptography methods.</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-198">1.5.6 Highly sensitive information</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-198">1.5.6 Highly sensitive information</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-199">Your Extension must not collect, store, or transmit highly sensitive personal information, such as health or financial data, unless the information is related to the functionality of your Extension.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-199">Your Extension must not collect, store, or transmit highly sensitive personal information, such as health or financial data, unless the information is related to the functionality of your Extension.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-200">Your Extension must also obtain express user consent before collecting, storing, or transmitting such information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-200">Your Extension must also obtain express user consent before collecting, storing, or transmitting such information.</span></span>  

### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-201">1.6 Permissions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-201">1.6 Permissions</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-202">Your Extension must only request those permissions that are necessary for functioning.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-202">Your Extension must only request those permissions that are necessary for functioning.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-203">You must provide a description of how your Extension works.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-203">You must provide a description of how your Extension works.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-204">Your Extension must only perform as described.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-204">Your Extension must only perform as described.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-205">Your Extension may not request permission for capabilities that go beyond the capabilities required to perform and function as declared.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-205">Your Extension may not request permission for capabilities that go beyond the capabilities required to perform and function as declared.</span></span>  

### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-206">1.7 Localization</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-206">1.7 Localization</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-207">You should localize your Extension for all languages that the Extension claims to support.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-207">You should localize your Extension for all languages that the Extension claims to support.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-208">The text of the description of your Extension should be localized in each language that you declare.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-208">The text of the description of your Extension should be localized in each language that you declare.</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-209">If your Extension is localized such that some features are not available in a localized version, you must clearly state or display the limits of localization in the Extension description.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-209">If your Extension is localized such that some features are not available in a localized version, you must clearly state or display the limits of localization in the Extension description.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-210">The experience provided by an Extension must be reasonably similar in all languages that it supports.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-210">The experience provided by an Extension must be reasonably similar in all languages that it supports.</span></span>  

### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-211">1.8 Financial Transactions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-211">1.8 Financial Transactions</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-212">If your product includes in-product purchase, subscriptions, virtual currency, billing functionality, or captures financial information; the requirements in the following sections apply.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-212">If your product includes in-product purchase, subscriptions, virtual currency, billing functionality, or captures financial information; the requirements in the following sections apply.</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-213">1.8.1 Paid Features</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-213">1.8.1 Paid Features</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-214">Your Extension may enable users to consume digital content or services purchased through a third-party purchase mechanism or API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-214">Your Extension may enable users to consume digital content or services purchased through a third-party purchase mechanism or API.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-215">You must use a secure third-party purchase API for purchases of physical goods or services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-215">You must use a secure third-party purchase API for purchases of physical goods or services.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-216">You must use a secure third-party purchase API for payments made in connection with any other services including real world gambling or charitable contributions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-216">You must use a secure third-party purchase API for payments made in connection with any other services including real world gambling or charitable contributions.</span></span>  

*   <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-217">If your Extension is used to facilitate or collect charitable contributions or to conduct a promotional sweepstakes or contest, you must do so in compliance with applicable law.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-217">If your Extension is used to facilitate or collect charitable contributions or to conduct a promotional sweepstakes or contest, you must do so in compliance with applicable law.</span></span>  
*   <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-218">You must also state clearly that Microsoft is not the fundraiser or sponsor of the promotion.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-218">You must also state clearly that Microsoft is not the fundraiser or sponsor of the promotion.</span></span>  
*   <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-219">In-product offerings sold in your Extension must not be converted to any legally valid currency \(such as USD, Euro, and so on\) or any physical goods or services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-219">In-product offerings sold in your Extension must not be converted to any legally valid currency \(such as USD, Euro, and so on\) or any physical goods or services.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-220">The following requirements apply to your use of a secure third-party purchase API:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-220">The following requirements apply to your use of a secure third-party purchase API:</span></span>  

*   <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-221">At the time of the transaction or when you collect any payment or financial information from the user; your Extension must identify the commerce transaction provider, authenticate the user, and obtain user confirmation for the transaction.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-221">At the time of the transaction or when you collect any payment or financial information from the user; your Extension must identify the commerce transaction provider, authenticate the user, and obtain user confirmation for the transaction.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-222">A commerce transaction provider maintains a secure platform for financial exchanges.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-222">A commerce transaction provider maintains a secure platform for financial exchanges.</span></span>  
*   <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-223">Your Extension may offer users the ability to save this authentication, but users must have the ability to either require an authentication on every transaction or to turn off in-product transactions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-223">Your Extension may offer users the ability to save this authentication, but users must have the ability to either require an authentication on every transaction or to turn off in-product transactions.</span></span>  
*   <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-224">If your Extension collects credit card information or uses a third-party payment processor that collects credit card information, the payment processing must meet the current PCI Data Security Standard \(PCI DSS\).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-224">If your Extension collects credit card information or uses a third-party payment processor that collects credit card information, the payment processing must meet the current PCI Data Security Standard \(PCI DSS\).</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-225">1.8.2 Disclosing paid features</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-225">1.8.2 Disclosing paid features</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-226">Your Extension and associated metadata must provide information about the types of in-product purchases offered and the range of prices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-226">Your Extension and associated metadata must provide information about the types of in-product purchases offered and the range of prices.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-227">You must not mislead users and must be clear about the nature of your in-product promotions and offerings including the scope and terms of any trial experiences.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-227">You must not mislead users and must be clear about the nature of your in-product promotions and offerings including the scope and terms of any trial experiences.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-228">If your Extension restricts access to user-created content during or after a trial, you must notify users in advance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-228">If your Extension restricts access to user-created content during or after a trial, you must notify users in advance.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-229">In addition, your Extension must make it clear to users that they are initiating a purchase option in the Extension.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-229">In addition, your Extension must make it clear to users that they are initiating a purchase option in the Extension.</span></span>  

### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-230">1.9 Notifications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-230">1.9 Notifications</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-231">Your Extension must respect system settings for notifications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-231">Your Extension must respect system settings for notifications.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-232">This means any presentation of ads and notifications to users must be consistent with user preferences, regardless of whether the notifications are provided by the Microsoft Push Notification Service \(MPNS\), Windows Push Notification Service \(WNS\), or any other service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-232">This means any presentation of ads and notifications to users must be consistent with user preferences, regardless of whether the notifications are provided by the Microsoft Push Notification Service \(MPNS\), Windows Push Notification Service \(WNS\), or any other service.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-233">If the user disables notifications, either on a product-specific or system-wide basis, your Extension must remain functional.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-233">If the user disables notifications, either on a product-specific or system-wide basis, your Extension must remain functional.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-234">If your product uses MPNS or WNS to transmit notifications, it must comply with the following requirements:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-234">If your product uses MPNS or WNS to transmit notifications, it must comply with the following requirements:</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-235">1.9.1 General Guidance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-235">1.9.1 General Guidance</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-236">Notifications provided through WNS or MPNS are considered product content and are subject to all Addons Catalog Developer Policies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-236">Notifications provided through WNS or MPNS are considered product content and are subject to all Addons Catalog Developer Policies.</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-237">1.9.2 Ownership of notifications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-237">1.9.2 Ownership of notifications</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-238">You must not obscure or try to disguise the source of any notification initiated from your Extension.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-238">You must not obscure or try to disguise the source of any notification initiated from your Extension.</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-239">1.9.3 No Confidential or Sensitive Information</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-239">1.9.3 No Confidential or Sensitive Information</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-240">You must not include in a notification any information users may reasonably consider confidential or sensitive.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-240">You must not include in a notification any information users may reasonably consider confidential or sensitive.</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-241">1.9.4 Purpose of notifications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-241">1.9.4 Purpose of notifications</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-242">Notifications sent from your Extension must relate to that Extension or to other Extensions you publish in Microsoft Edge Addons catalog and must not include promotional messages of any kind that are not related to your Extensions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-242">Notifications sent from your Extension must relate to that Extension or to other Extensions you publish in Microsoft Edge Addons catalog and must not include promotional messages of any kind that are not related to your Extensions.</span></span>  

### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-243">1.10 Advertising Conduct and Content</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-243">1.10 Advertising Conduct and Content</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-244">For all advertising related activities, the following requirements apply:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-244">For all advertising related activities, the following requirements apply:</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-245">1.10.1 Purpose</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-245">1.10.1 Purpose</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-246">The primary content of your Extension must not be advertising, and advertising must be clearly distinguishable from other content in your Extension.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-246">The primary content of your Extension must not be advertising, and advertising must be clearly distinguishable from other content in your Extension.</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-247">1.10.2 Policies and Agreements</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-247">1.10.2 Policies and Agreements</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-248">Any advertising content your Extension displays must adhere to [Microsoft Creative Acceptance Policy][MicrosoftAdvertisingCreativeAcceptancePolicies].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-248">Any advertising content your Extension displays must adhere to [Microsoft Creative Acceptance Policy][MicrosoftAdvertisingCreativeAcceptancePolicies].</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-249">If your Extension displays ads, all content displayed must conform to the advertising requirements of the [App Developer Agreement][MicrosoftAppDeveloperAgreement] and this Policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-249">If your Extension displays ads, all content displayed must conform to the advertising requirements of the [App Developer Agreement][MicrosoftAppDeveloperAgreement] and this Policy.</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-250">1.10.3 Quality of advertising</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-250">1.10.3 Quality of advertising</span></span>  

*   <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-251">The primary purpose of your Extension must not be to get users to click ads.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-251">The primary purpose of your Extension must not be to get users to click ads.</span></span>  
*   <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-252">Your Extension must not do anything that interferes with or diminishes the visibility, value, or quality of any ads that it does display.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-252">Your Extension must not do anything that interferes with or diminishes the visibility, value, or quality of any ads that it does display.</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-253">1.10.4 Promotions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-253">1.10.4 Promotions</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-254">If you purchase or create promotional ad campaigns to promote your Extensions through the ad campaign functionality in [Partner Center][MicrosoftPartnerCenter], all ad materials you provide to Microsoft, including any associated landing pages, must comply with [Microsoft Creative Specifications Policy][MicrosoftAdvertisingCreativeSpecifications] and [Microsoft Creative Acceptance Policy][MicrosoftAdvertisingCreativeAcceptancePolicies].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-254">If you purchase or create promotional ad campaigns to promote your Extensions through the ad campaign functionality in [Partner Center][MicrosoftPartnerCenter], all ad materials you provide to Microsoft, including any associated landing pages, must comply with [Microsoft Creative Specifications Policy][MicrosoftAdvertisingCreativeSpecifications] and [Microsoft Creative Acceptance Policy][MicrosoftAdvertisingCreativeAcceptancePolicies].</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-255">1.10.5 Notifying Users of Opt-Out for Interest-Based Advertising</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-255">1.10.5 Notifying Users of Opt-Out for Interest-Based Advertising</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-256">Your privacy statement or terms of use must let users know you plan to send Personal Information to the ad service provider and must tell users how they may opt-out of interest-based advertising.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-256">Your privacy statement or terms of use must let users know you plan to send Personal Information to the ad service provider and must tell users how they may opt-out of interest-based advertising.</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-257">1.10.6 Other guidelines</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-257">1.10.6 Other guidelines</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-258">If your Extension is directed at children under the age of 13, as defined in the [Children's Online Privacy Protection Act][FTCChildrensPrivacy]; you must notify Microsoft of this fact in [Partner Center][MicrosoftPartnerCenter] and ensure that all ad content displayed in your Extension is appropriate for children under the age of 13.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-258">If your Extension is directed at children under the age of 13, as defined in the [Children's Online Privacy Protection Act][FTCChildrensPrivacy]; you must notify Microsoft of this fact in [Partner Center][MicrosoftPartnerCenter] and ensure that all ad content displayed in your Extension is appropriate for children under the age of 13.</span></span>  

## <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-259">2 Content Policies</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-259">2 Content Policies</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-260">The following policies apply to content and metadata \(including publisher name, Extension name, Extension icon, Extension description, Extension screenshots, Extension trailers and trailer thumbnails, and any other Extension metadata\) offered for distribution in Microsoft Edge Addons.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-260">The following policies apply to content and metadata \(including publisher name, Extension name, Extension icon, Extension description, Extension screenshots, Extension trailers and trailer thumbnails, and any other Extension metadata\) offered for distribution in Microsoft Edge Addons.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-261">Content means the images, sounds, videos and text contained in the Extension, the tiles, notifications, error messages or ads exposed through your Extension, and anything delivered from a server or to which the Extension connects.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-261">Content means the images, sounds, videos and text contained in the Extension, the tiles, notifications, error messages or ads exposed through your Extension, and anything delivered from a server or to which the Extension connects.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-262">Because Extensions and Microsoft Edge Addons are used around the world, these requirements are interpreted and applied in the context of regional and cultural norms.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-262">Because Extensions and Microsoft Edge Addons are used around the world, these requirements are interpreted and applied in the context of regional and cultural norms.</span></span>  

### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-263">2.1 Content Requirements for Microsoft Edge Addon Catalog Listing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-263">2.1 Content Requirements for Microsoft Edge Addon Catalog Listing</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-264">Metadata and other content you submit to accompany your Extension may not contain mature content.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-264">Metadata and other content you submit to accompany your Extension may not contain mature content.</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-265">Submissions that do not meet Extension Store listings requirements are rejected or promptly removed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-265">Submissions that do not meet Extension Store listings requirements are rejected or promptly removed.</span></span>  

### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-266">2.2 Content Including Names, Logos, Original, and Third-party</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-266">2.2 Content Including Names, Logos, Original, and Third-party</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-267">All content in your Extension and associated metadata must be either originally created by the you or appropriately licensed from a third-party rights holder and must be used only as permitted by the rights holder or as otherwise permitted by law.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-267">All content in your Extension and associated metadata must be either originally created by the you or appropriately licensed from a third-party rights holder and must be used only as permitted by the rights holder or as otherwise permitted by law.</span></span>  

### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-268">2.3 Risk of Harm</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-268">2.3 Risk of Harm</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-269">2.3.1 Requirements</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-269">2.3.1 Requirements</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-270">Your Extension must not contain any content that facilitates or glamorizes the following real world activities: \(a\) extreme or gratuitous violence; \(b\) human rights violations; \(c\) the creation of illegal weapons; or \(d\) the use of weapons against a person, animal, or real or personal property.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-270">Your Extension must not contain any content that facilitates or glamorizes the following real world activities: \(a\) extreme or gratuitous violence; \(b\) human rights violations; \(c\) the creation of illegal weapons; or \(d\) the use of weapons against a person, animal, or real or personal property.</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-271">2.3.2 Responsibility</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-271">2.3.2 Responsibility</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-272">Your Extension must not: \(a\) pose a safety risk to, nor result in discomfort, injury or any other harm to end users or to any other person or animal; or \(b\) pose a risk of or result in damage to real or personal property.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-272">Your Extension must not: \(a\) pose a safety risk to, nor result in discomfort, injury or any other harm to end users or to any other person or animal; or \(b\) pose a risk of or result in damage to real or personal property.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-273">You are solely responsible for all Extension safety testing, certificate acquisition, and implementation of any appropriate feature safeguards.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-273">You are solely responsible for all Extension safety testing, certificate acquisition, and implementation of any appropriate feature safeguards.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-274">You must not disable any platform safety or comfort features and you must include all applicable legally required and industry-standard warnings, notices, and disclaimers in your Extension.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-274">You must not disable any platform safety or comfort features and you must include all applicable legally required and industry-standard warnings, notices, and disclaimers in your Extension.</span></span>  

### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-275">2.4 Defamatory, Libelous, Slanderous, and Threatening</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-275">2.4 Defamatory, Libelous, Slanderous, and Threatening</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-276">Your Extension must not contain any content that is defamatory, libelous, slanderous, or threatening.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-276">Your Extension must not contain any content that is defamatory, libelous, slanderous, or threatening.</span></span>  

### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-277">2.5 Offensive Content</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-277">2.5 Offensive Content</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-278">Your Extension and associated metadata must not contain potentially sensitive or offensive content.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-278">Your Extension and associated metadata must not contain potentially sensitive or offensive content.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-279">Content may be considered sensitive or offensive in certain countries/regions because of local laws or cultural norms.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-279">Content may be considered sensitive or offensive in certain countries/regions because of local laws or cultural norms.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-280">In addition, your Extension and associated metadata must not contain content that advocates discrimination, hatred, or violence based on considerations of race, ethnicity, national origin, language, gender, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, status as a veteran, or membership in any other social group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-280">In addition, your Extension and associated metadata must not contain content that advocates discrimination, hatred, or violence based on considerations of race, ethnicity, national origin, language, gender, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, status as a veteran, or membership in any other social group.</span></span>  

### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-281">2.6 Alcohol, Tobacco, and Drugs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-281">2.6 Alcohol, Tobacco, and Drugs</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-282">Your Extension must not contain any content that facilitates or glamorizes excessive or irresponsible use of alcohol or tobacco products or drugs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-282">Your Extension must not contain any content that facilitates or glamorizes excessive or irresponsible use of alcohol or tobacco products or drugs.</span></span>  

### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-283">2.7 Adult Content</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-283">2.7 Adult Content</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-284">Your Extension must not contain or display content that a reasonable person would consider pornographic or sexually explicit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-284">Your Extension must not contain or display content that a reasonable person would consider pornographic or sexually explicit.</span></span>  

### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-285">2.8 Prohibited Content, Services, and Activity</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-285">2.8 Prohibited Content, Services, and Activity</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-286">Your Extension must adhere to the following conditions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-286">Your Extension must adhere to the following conditions.</span></span>  

*   <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-287">Your Extension must not contain content or provide services that facilitate online gambling.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-287">Your Extension must not contain content or provide services that facilitate online gambling.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-288">Online gambling includes but is not limited to online casinos, sports betting, lotteries, or games of skill that offer prizes of cash or other value.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-288">Online gambling includes but is not limited to online casinos, sports betting, lotteries, or games of skill that offer prizes of cash or other value.</span></span>  
*   <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-289">Your Extension must not provide unauthorized access to website content, such as by circumventing paywalls or login restrictions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-289">Your Extension must not provide unauthorized access to website content, such as by circumventing paywalls or login restrictions.</span></span>  
*   <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-290">Your Extension must not provide, encourage, or enable the unauthorized access, download, or streaming of copyrighted content or media.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-290">Your Extension must not provide, encourage, or enable the unauthorized access, download, or streaming of copyrighted content or media.</span></span>  
*   <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-291">Your Extension must not mine cryptocurrency.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-291">Your Extension must not mine cryptocurrency.</span></span>  

### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-292">2.9 Illegal Activity</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-292">2.9 Illegal Activity</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-293">Your Extension must not contain content or functionality that encourages, facilitates or glamorizes illegal activity in the real world.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-293">Your Extension must not contain content or functionality that encourages, facilitates or glamorizes illegal activity in the real world.</span></span>  

### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-294">2.10 Excessive Profanity and Inappropriate Content</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-294">2.10 Excessive Profanity and Inappropriate Content</span></span>  

*   <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-295">Your Extension must not contain excessive or gratuitous profanity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-295">Your Extension must not contain excessive or gratuitous profanity.</span></span>  
*   <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-296">Your Extension must not contain or display content that a reasonable person considers obscene.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-296">Your Extension must not contain or display content that a reasonable person considers obscene.</span></span>  

### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-297">2.11 Country/Region Specific Requirements</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-297">2.11 Country/Region Specific Requirements</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-298">Content that is offensive in any country/region to which your Extension is targeted is not allowed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-298">Content that is offensive in any country/region to which your Extension is targeted is not allowed.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-299">Content may be considered offensive in certain countries/regions because of local laws or cultural norms.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-299">Content may be considered offensive in certain countries/regions because of local laws or cultural norms.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-300">Beispiele fr potenziell beleidigende Inhalte in bestimmten Lndern/Regionen:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-300">Examples of potentially offensive content in certain countries/regions include the following:</span></span>  

**<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-301">China</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-301">China</span></span>**  

*   <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-302">Verbot pornographischer Inhalte</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-302">Prohibited sexual content</span></span>  
*   <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-303">Verweise auf umstrittene Gebiete oder Regionen</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-303">Disputed territory or region references</span></span>  
*   <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-304">Providing or enabling access to content or services that are illegal under applicable local law</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-304">Providing or enabling access to content or services that are illegal under applicable local law</span></span>  

### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-305">2.12 Age Ratings</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-305">2.12 Age Ratings</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-306">2.12.1 Mature Content</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-306">2.12.1 Mature Content</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-307">When you submit your Extension to [Partner Center][MicrosoftPartnerCenter], you must indicate whether your Extension displays content that should be marked "Mature".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-307">When you submit your Extension to [Partner Center][MicrosoftPartnerCenter], you must indicate whether your Extension displays content that should be marked "Mature".</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-308">When determining the rating for your Extension, consider all the content in your app, including user generated content and ads, and to the content that your Extension links.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-308">When determining the rating for your Extension, consider all the content in your app, including user generated content and ads, and to the content that your Extension links.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-309">If you indicate that your Extension does not contain any "Mature" content, you are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of this rating.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-309">If you indicate that your Extension does not contain any "Mature" content, you are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of this rating.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-310">Regardless of the rating given to your Extension, it must still adhere to all the content requirements of Microsoft Edge Addons Developer policies</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-310">Regardless of the rating given to your Extension, it must still adhere to all the content requirements of Microsoft Edge Addons Developer policies</span></span>  

#### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-311">2.12.2 Ratings Change</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-311">2.12.2 Ratings Change</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-312">If your Extension provides content \(such as user-generated, retail, or other web-based content\) that might be appropriate for a higher age rating than the assigned rating, you must require users to opt into receiving such content by using a content filter or by signing in with a pre-existing account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-312">If your Extension provides content \(such as user-generated, retail, or other web-based content\) that might be appropriate for a higher age rating than the assigned rating, you must require users to opt into receiving such content by using a content filter or by signing in with a pre-existing account.</span></span>  

### <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-313">2.13 Videos</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-313">2.13 Videos</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3cff0-314">If you submit a promotional video in the listing, it should follow all the content guidelines mentioned in this policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-314">If you submit a promotional video in the listing, it should follow all the content guidelines mentioned in this policy.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-315">If you choose to provide a YouTube link, you must ensure that advertisements are disabled for the specific videos that you want to embed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-315">If you choose to provide a YouTube link, you must ensure that advertisements are disabled for the specific videos that you want to embed.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cff0-316">For more information about how ads are enabled and disabled on YouTube, see [support.google.com/youtube/answer/2531367?ref_topic=7072227][GoogleYoutubeAnswer2531367Topic7072227] and [support.google.com/youtube/answer/132596][GoogleYoutubeAnswer132596].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cff0-316">For more information about how ads are enabled and disabled on YouTube, see [support.google.com/youtube/answer/2531367?ref_topic=7072227][GoogleYoutubeAnswer2531367Topic7072227] and [support.google.com/youtube/answer/132596][GoogleYoutubeAnswer132596].</span></span>  

<!-- image links -->  

<!-- links -->  

[MicrosoftEdgeContentSecurityPolicyRemoteScript]: ./csp.md#relaxing-the-default-policy "Relaxing the default policy - Content Security Policy \(CSP\) | Microsoft Docs"  

[MicrosoftAppDeveloperAgreement]: /legal/windows/agreements/app-developer-agreement "App Developer Agreement | Microsoft Docs"  
[MicrosoftIdentifiesMalwareUnwantedApplications]: /windows/security/threat-protection/intelligence/criteria "How Microsoft identifies malware and potentially unwanted applications | Microsoft Docs"  

[GoogleYoutubeAnswer2531367Topic7072227]: https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/2531367?ref_topic=7072227 "Set your default ad formats - YouTube Help"  
[GoogleYoutubeAnswer132596]: https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/132596 "Ads on embedded videos - YouTube Help"  
[FTCChildrensPrivacy]: https://www.ftc.gov/tips-advice/business-center/privacy-and-security/children%27s-privacy "Children's Privacy - Federal Trade Commission"  

[MicrosoftAdvertisingCreativeAcceptancePolicies]: https://about.ads.microsoft.com/solutions/ad-products/display-advertising/creative-acceptance-policies "Creative acceptance policies - Microsoft Advertising"  
[MicrosoftAdvertisingCreativeSpecifications]: https://about.ads.microsoft.com/solutions/ad-products/display-advertising/creative-specs "Creative Specifications - Microsoft Advertising"  

[MicrosoftPartnerCenter]: https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard/microsoftedge/public/login?ref=dd "Partner Center"  
